docs: fix typo in hosting.md (#1290)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/hosting.md

After going through the [Package Guide](@ref) and [Doctests](@ref) page you will need to
host the generated documentation somewhere for potential users to read. This guide will

> describe how to setup automatic updates for your package docs using either the Travis CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describe how to set up automatic updates for your package docs using either the Travis CI
```
